SG-35164 Add support for 3dsmax 2025 (#41)
shotgunsoftware/tk-3dsmax: tests/README.md

    In general, anything defined in `tests/fixtures/config/env/test.yml`

1. From a PowerShell terminal, create a virtual environment at `tests/venv`
    ```ps1
    & "C:\Program Files\Autodesk\3ds Max {version}\Python\python.exe" -m venv tests/venv

>     ```

Reviewer: Why do you need to add an extra space there? 
I don't see any formatting issue when looking at https://github.com/shotgunsoftware/tk-3dsmax/blob/v1.3.2/tests/README.md

Did I miss something?

Reviewer: ohh yes indeed, I made a mistake here. Good call.

    In general, anything defined in `tests/fixtures/config/env/test.yml`

1. From a PowerShell terminal, create a virtual environment at `tests/venv`
    ```ps1
    & "C:\Program Files\Autodesk\3ds Max {version}\Python\python.exe" -m venv tests/venv
    ```

1. Activate the environment
    ```ps1

>     .\tests\venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1

Reviewer: Why do you want to activate the environment?

In my experience, this is not necessary if you call the pip binary from inside the env (one less step to do).

Author: You're right, it's my old habit of activate it before installing anything.

    ```

1. Install all dependencies needed for the test:
    ```ps1
    tests\venv\Scripts\pip install -U -r tests\requirements.txt
    ```

> 1. Launch 3dsmax directly (not from FPTR Desktop)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Launch 3dsmax from the Windows shortcut (not from FPTR Desktop)
```
